c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileStore\WebUI\bin\WebUI.dll.config
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileStore\WebUI\bin\WebUI.dll
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileStore\WebUI\bin\WebUI.pdb
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileStore\WebUI\bin\Castle.Core.dll
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileStore\WebUI\bin\Domain.dll
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileStore\WebUI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileStore\WebUI\bin\Moq.dll
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileStore\WebUI\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileStore\WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileStore\WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileStore\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileStore\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileStore\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileStore\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileStore\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileStore\WebUI\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileStore\WebUI\bin\Domain.pdb
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileStore\WebUI\bin\Castle.Core.xml
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileStore\WebUI\bin\Moq.xml
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileStore\WebUI\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileStore\WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileStore\WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileStore\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileStore\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileStore\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileStore\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileStore\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileStore\WebUI\obj\Debug\WebUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileStore\WebUI\obj\Debug\WebUI.dll
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileStore\WebUI\obj\Debug\WebUI.pdb
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileStore\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileStore\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileStore\WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileStore\WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileStore\WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileStore\WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
